Moving docs from beta to v1.0 for Terms of Use API's (#11642)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/agreementfile.md

|language|String|The language of the agreement file in the format languagecode2-country/regioncode2. languagecode2 is a lowercase two-letter code derived from ISO 639-1. country/regioncode2 is derived from ISO 3166 and usually consists of two uppercase letters, or a BCP-47 language tag (for example, en-US). Read-only.|
|isMajorVersion|Boolean|Indicates whether the agreement file is a major version update. Major version updates invalidate the agreement's acceptances on the corresponding language. |
|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date time representing when the file was created. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'.|

<!--
## Relationships
| Relationship | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
|localizations|[agreementFileLocalization](agreementfilelocalization.md) collection|The localized version of the agreement files attached to the agreement.|
-->

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.

> 

Reviewer: You need to add resource metadata here. Example
```
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.agreementFile",
   "baseType": "",
  "keyProperty": "id"
}-->
````
Please insert the value for `baseType` if it exists or remove the line otherwise.

Author: Thanks @millicentachieng. That fixed the issue.

|fileName|String|Name of the agreement file (for example, TOU.pdf). Read-only.|
|id|String|The identifier of the agreement file. Read-only.|
|isDefault|Boolean|If none of the languages matches the client preference, indicates that this is the default agreement file. If none of the files are marked as default, the first one is treated as the default. Read-only.|
|language|String|The language of the agreement file in the format languagecode2-country/regioncode2. languagecode2 is a lowercase two-letter code derived from ISO 639-1. country/regioncode2 is derived from ISO 3166 and usually consists of two uppercase letters, or a BCP-47 language tag (for example, en-US). Read-only.|
|isMajorVersion|Boolean|Indicates whether the agreement file is a major version update. Major version updates invalidate the agreement's acceptances on the corresponding language. |
|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date time representing when the file was created. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: '2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'.|

<!--

> ## Relationships

Reviewer 2: Why is this commented out? I can verify per the metadata that localizations is a navigation property on the agreementFile resource.

---
title: "agreementFile resource type"

> description: "Represents a customizable terms of use agreement file that a tenant manages with Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). It contains metadata about the agreement file (for example, the name, the language, and whether it is the default file)."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
description: "Represents a customizable terms of use agreement file that a tenant manages with Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)."
```

localization_priority: Normal
doc_type: resourcePageType

> ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"

Reviewer 3: ms.prod should be governance.

author: raprakasMSFT
---

# agreementFile resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Represents a customizable terms of use agreement file that a tenant manages with Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). It contains metadata about the agreement file (for example, the name, the language, and whether it is the default file).

> <!--

Reviewer 3: Remove this content if there are no methods for the resource.

## Methods

| Method       | Return Type | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
| [Get agreementFile](../api/agreementfile-get.md) | [agreementFile](agreementfile.md) | Read properties and relationships of an **agreementFile** object. |
| [Update](../api/agreementfile-update.md) | [agreementFile](agreementfile.md) | Update an **agreementFile** object. |
| [Delete](../api/agreementfile-delete.md) | None | Delete an **agreementFile** object. |
-->

## Properties
| Property     | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|

> |fileData|[agreementFileData](agreementfiledata.md)|Data representing the terms of use PDF document. Read-only.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|fileData|[agreementFileData](agreementfiledata.md)|Data that represents the terms of use PDF document. Read-only.|
```

|fileName|String|Name of the agreement file (for example, TOU.pdf). Read-only.|

> |id|String|Read-only.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|id|String|The identifier of the agreement file. Read-only.|
```

> |isDefault|Boolean|Indicates whether this is the default agreement file if none of the cultures matches the client preference. If none of the files are marked as default, the first one will be treated as the default. Read-only.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|isDefault|Boolean| If none of the languages matches the client preference, indicates that this is the default agreement file . If none of the files are marked as default, the first one is treated as the default. Read-only.|
```

> |language|String|Culture of the agreement file in the format languagecode2-country/regioncode2. languagecode2 is a lowercase two-letter code derived from ISO 639-1. country/regioncode2 is derived from ISO 3166 and usually consists of two uppercase letters, or a BCP-47 language tag (for example, en-US). Read-only.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|language|String|The language of the agreement file in the format languagecode2-country/regioncode2. languagecode2 is a lowercase two-letter code derived from ISO 639-1. country/regioncode2 is derived from ISO 3166 and usually consists of two uppercase letters, or a BCP-47 language tag (for example, en-US). Read-only.|
```
